README.md, before:

# College-ERP
A college management system built using Django framework. It is designed for interactions between students and teachers. Features include attendance, marks and time table.

## Installation

Python and Django need to be installed

```bash
pip install django
```

## Usage

Go to the College-ERP folder and run

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

Then go to the browser and enter the url **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**


## Login

The login page is common for students and teachers.
The username is their name and password for everyone is 'project123'.
Example usernames:
student- 'samarth'
teacher- 'trisila'

You can access the django admin page at **http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin** and login with username 'admin' and the above password.

Also a new admin user can be created using

```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

## Users

New students and teachers can be added through the admin page. A new user needs to be created for each. 

The admin page is used to modify all tables such as Students, Teachers, Departments, Courses, Classes etc.

**For more details regarding the system and features please refer the reports included.**

## Screenshots

### Teacher Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/pMAoEbG.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/ZiQ3RRA.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/i025CJW.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/HQlLYmC.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/j6RyBmU.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/xIKEMvQ.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/4Rl7Fpv.png)

### Student Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/isL9cjz.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/5pzl7m3.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/7zWhHZx.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/fu7gxk8.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/NZqU268.png)

### Admin Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/sDvDc9N.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/tMKWx6f.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/PvCsNeB.png)

Commit message:

Added method to change attendance timerange

README.md, after:

# College-ERP
A college management system built using Django framework. It is designed for interactions between students and teachers. Features include attendance, marks and time table.

## Installation

Python and Django need to be installed

```bash
pip install django
```

## Usage

Go to the College-ERP folder and run

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

Then go to the browser and enter the url **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**


## Login

The login page is common for students and teachers.  
The username is their name and password for everyone is 'project123'.  

Example usernames:  
student- 'samarth'  
teacher- 'trisila'  

You can access the django admin page at **http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin** and login with username 'admin' and the above password.

Also a new admin user can be created using

```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

## Users

New students and teachers can be added through the admin page. A new user needs to be created for each. 

The admin page is used to modify all tables such as Students, Teachers, Departments, Courses, Classes etc.

**For more details regarding the system and features please refer the reports included.**

## Update (29/11/2020)

Added method to reset attendance time range in Django Admin page.

![alt_text](https://i.imgur.com/0xOWmUZ.png)

This is present in Django Admin -> Attendance (http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/info/attendanceclass/).  
Start Date: Start Date of Attendance period  
End Date: End Date of Attendance period

This will delete all present attendance data and create new attendance objects for the given time range. 

## Screenshots

### Teacher Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/pMAoEbG.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/ZiQ3RRA.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/i025CJW.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/HQlLYmC.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/j6RyBmU.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/xIKEMvQ.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/4Rl7Fpv.png)

### Student Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/isL9cjz.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/5pzl7m3.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/7zWhHZx.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/fu7gxk8.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/NZqU268.png)

### Admin Page

![alt text](https://imgur.com/sDvDc9N.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/tMKWx6f.png)

![alt text](https://imgur.com/PvCsNeB.png)
